feat: allow `globalFontFace` to accept array of font face rules (#1379)
vanilla-extract-css/vanilla-extract: .changeset/eighty-shirts-lie.md

---
'@vanilla-extract/css': minor
---

> Supports passing multiple font face rules to `globalFontFace`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for passing multiple font face rules to `globalFontFace`
```
**EXAMPLE USAGE:**

```ts
const gentium = 'GlobalGentium';

globalFontFace(gentium, [
  {
    src: 'local("Gentium")',
    fontWeight: 'normal'
  },
  {
    src: 'local("Gentium Bold")',
    fontWeight: 'bold'
  }
]);
```

> Add support for passing multiple font face rules to `globalFontFace`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for passing multiple font face rules to `globalFontFace`

**EXAMPLE USAGE:**

```ts
const gentium = 'GlobalGentium';

globalFontFace(gentium, [
  {
    src: 'local("Gentium")',
    fontWeight: 'normal'
  },
  {
    src: 'local("Gentium Bold")',
    fontWeight: 'bold'
  }
]);
```
```
